hey what's going on guys this video is
shown how to get the import day Phoenix
or wherever the things called Phoenix is
a muscle car so what I want to do is
come to this location on the map it's
the like ship dock thing and they spawn
around Ernest like the location to do it
I just had this one the person driving
around and then this one spawned here so
I'm going to take it to Los Santos
customs and upgrade and then show it was
like then hey guys so I'm at los santos
customs and I've done it up so take it
off for a little spin is wheel spins a
gal crap they not me bears like a really
nice car I don't want like at the Adlon
but seems pretty good
try and get some uh dese tuning oh so
yeah this card is actually up pretty
nice look at it just wheel spins like
hell crap like I would happy of me
all right that
hyoma dressed around Conan an idol in
this episode so if you've enjoyed if
about this video's help do together
because it is like a really good car
nope over that see if you if his help do
together car please like subscribe
comment than any other cars he wants me
to try and find or bikes even all lands
or whatever and yeah so